h1. BugBox Module

Bugbox is a "GIT":http://git-scm.com/ based system to post bug resolutions as
an alternative to submitting patches.

h2. Installing

Run the following shell commands:

<pre>
git clone git://github.com/getfatday/bugbox.git
cd bugbox
./setup.py install
</pre>

h2. Creating a BugBox Repository

Run the following shell commands, replace GIT_DIR with your local path:

<pre>
export GIT_DIR="/example/path/bugboxd.git"
git --bare init
</pre>

Specify a url for external access:

<pre>
git config bugbox.url "ssh://example.com/bugboxd.git"
</pre>

Specify a ticketing system, multiple systems can be defined with this
pattern @ticket.<system>@:

<pre>
git config ticket.bz.name BugZilla
git config ticket.bz.url http://bugzilla.example.com
</pre>

Add GIT hooks:

<pre>
cat > $GIT_DIR/hooks/pre-receive << EOF
#! /bin/bash

read oldrev newrev ref
bugbox hook pre-receive \$ref \$oldrev \$newrev
EOF
</pre>

h2. Running the Web Service

Creating the "CherryPy":http://www.cherrypy.org/ config:

<pre>
cat > /example/path/bugbox.cfg << EOF
[global]
bugbox.dir = "/example/path/bugboxd.git"
tree.bugbox = cherrypy.tree.mount(bugbox.web.root, "/", bugbox.web.root.config)
EOF
</pre>

Running the "CherryPy":http://www.cherrypy.org/ Daemon:

<pre>
cherryd -c /example/path/bugbox.cfg -i bugbox.web
</pre>

Mounting to an existing daemon tree:

<pre>
[global]
...
tree.bugbox = cherrypy.tree.mount(bugbox.web.root, '/bugbox', bugbox.web.root.config)
...
</pre>

h2. Feedback

Shoot me an "email":mailto:getfatday@gmail.com with any feedback.